About
Skip to main content
News
Alumni
Parents
Donors
Jobs
Apply
my
Rowan
Rowan University
Admissions & Aid
First-Year Admissions
Transfer Admissions
Financial Aid
Graduate Admissions
Medical Education Admissions
International Admissions
Tours & Open Houses
Rowan Online
Degree Completion
Academics
Colleges & Schools
Degrees & Programs
Courses, Schedules & Registration
Student Success
International
Winter & Summer Sessions
Camden Campus
Rowan University Libraries
Bookstore
Campus Life
The Arts at Rowan
Athletics & Sports Recreation
Health & Safety
Housing & Dining
Technology on Campus
Entertainment & Culture
Center for Well-being
Health & Medicine
Cooper Medical School of Rowan University (MD)
Virtua Health College of Medicine & Life Sciences (DO)
Shreiber School of Veterinary Medicine (DVM)
Research
Office of Research
Research Centers & Institutes
South Jersey Technology Park
Research News
Military/Veterans
Thrive
About
Leadership
Our Past, Present & Future
Visiting Rowan
Working at Rowan
Rowan Fast Facts
Giving to Rowan
News & Events
Contact Us
Search
Search Rowan
Search People
Search
About
Home
»
About
About
Making History
Since its founding in 1923, Rowan University has evolved from a teacher preparation college to a public research institution ranked among the top 100 in the nation by U.S. News & World Report. Rowan University offers bachelor’s through doctoral degrees and professional certificates in person and online to nearly 25,000 students through its main campus in Glassboro and its eight other locations in southern New Jersey. Rowan focuses on practical research at the intersection of health care, engineering, science and business, while ensuring excellence in undergraduate education.
The University has earned national recognition for innovation; commitment to high-quality, affordable education; and the development of public-private partnerships. A Carnegie-classified R2 (high research activity) institution, Rowan is the fastest-growing public research university in the Northeast and among the nation’s top 10 fastest-growing, as reported by The Chronicle of Higher Education. In 2025, Rowan opened New Jersey’s only veterinary school and is one of only two universities in the nation to offer M.D. , D.O. and D.V.M. medical degrees.
Mission Statement
Rowan University will become a new model for higher education by being
inclusive
,
agile
, and
responsive
, offering diverse scholarly and creative educational experiences, pathways, environments, and services to meet the needs of all students; maintaining agility by strategically delivering organizational capacity across the institution; and responding to emerging demands and opportunities regionally and nationally.
Click here for a printable pdf
including the Strategic Pillars, Institutional Goals, Operational Values, and Strategic Domains.
This mission statement was approved on June 14, 2017, by the Rowan University Board of Trustees.
Leadership
The backbone of the university, Rowan’s administration supports the student-centered mission of the university with a focus on both operations and academics.
Office of the President
Formally inaugurated as Rowan’s 7th president on September 20, 2013, Dr. Ali A. Houshmand leads the university during a period of unprecedented growth and opportunity.
Our Past, Present & Future
Founded in 1923 as a normal school to train area teachers, Rowan has evolved into a public research institution ranked among the top 100 in the nation.
Visit Rowan
Attend one of our many guided campus tours or open houses – or take a virtual tour today. A visit is the best way to learn about our academic programs, meet professors and observe campus life.
Work at Rowan
As a leading employer in southern New Jersey with 4,300+ employees, Rowan offers comprehensive and competitive employment. Browse our job announcements for available full- and part-time positions.
Give to Rowan
Your charitable contribution to Rowan is an investment in our students, both today's and tomorrow's.
News & Events
From groundbreaking faculty research to community events and much more, learn about what’s happening at Rowan. Find the latest on Rowan news, announcements and calendar listings for events.
Campus Calendars
Our academic calendars provide dates for Rowan holidays, breaks, and the start and end dates of traditional semesters.
Consumer Disclosures
Find federal- and state-mandated information for all higher education consumers for the purposes of data transparency, compliance and accreditation.
Contact Us
Please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns you may have. We look forward to hearing from you.
About Rowan
Back to Home
Main Menu
About
Leadership
Our Past, Present & Future
Rowan History
History Books
Visiting Rowan
Main Glassboro Campus
Glassboro West Campus
Camden Campus
Commencement Maps and Directions
Rowan-Virtua SOM Stratford
Cooper Medical School of Rowan University
Glassboro/Surrounding Neighborhood
Northeast
Shuttle Services
Rowan-Virtua SOM Sewell
Working at Rowan
Rowan Accolades
Giving to Rowan
Rowan Today
Contact Us