Campus Life
Skip to main content
News
Alumni
Parents
Donors
Jobs
Apply
my
Rowan
Rowan University
Admissions & Aid
First-Year Admissions
Transfer Admissions
Financial Aid
Graduate Admissions
Medical Education Admissions
International Admissions
Tours & Open Houses
Rowan Online
Degree Completion
Academics
Colleges & Schools
Degrees & Programs
Courses, Schedules & Registration
Student Success
International
Winter & Summer Sessions
Camden Campus
Rowan University Libraries
Bookstore
Campus Life
The Arts at Rowan
Athletics & Sports Recreation
Health & Safety
Housing & Dining
Technology on Campus
Entertainment & Culture
Center for Well-being
Health & Medicine
Cooper Medical School of Rowan University (MD)
Virtua Health College of Medicine & Life Sciences (DO)
Shreiber School of Veterinary Medicine (DVM)
Research
Office of Research
Research Centers & Institutes
South Jersey Technology Park
Research News
Military/Veterans
Thrive
About
Leadership
Our Past, Present & Future
Visiting Rowan
Working at Rowan
Rowan Fast Facts
Giving to Rowan
News & Events
Contact Us
Search
Search Rowan
Search People
Search
Campus Life
Home
»
Campus Life
Campus Life
Life at Rowan
The Rowan community is a vibrant one, with students pursuing fulfillment through participation in wide-ranging opportunities. We encourage healthy life choices, multicultural competency, personal and professional growth, campus and community involvement, civic responsibility and leadership development. Our student-centered approach promotes the education of the whole person within a global society, helping students prepare for life after Rowan.
The Arts at Rowan
The Arts at Rowan leads the region for presenting professional artists and award-winning academic productions and concerts across multiple venues on campus.
Athletics & Sports Recreation
Go Profs! With our mascot Whoo RU and fellow Profs cheering on, students participate in more than a dozen collegiate, club and intramural sports.
Health & Safety
Student Health Services promotes optimal wellness and removes medical and mental health-related barriers to learning, while empowering students to be well informed healthcare consumers.
Housing & Dining
More than a dozen residence halls and apartments, including freshmen-only housing, and a variety of on- and off-campus dining options help to make Rowan feel like home.
Student Involvement
The Office of Service Learning, Volunteerism & Community Engagement promotes a community of active citizens. We work with faculty and community partners to design a range of opportunities.
Entertainment & Culture
From ice skating and comedy shows, to weekend shuttles to Philly, our Office of Student Activities connects students with a variety of personally fulfilling and fun entertainment and cultural events.
Student Life
The Division of Student Life offers guidance and support to students, so that they can reach their personal, professional and academic goals.
University Libraries
Four physical libraries and our website provide access to a range of resources and services. Subscriptions to more than 55,000 online journals and thousands of e-resources are available 24/7.
Jean & Ric Edelman Planetarium
Open to the public, the Edelman Planetarium advances the understanding of the universe and astronomy. Programs entertain and education adults and children alike.
Campus Recreation
Located on the Glassboro campus, the Rec is a 92,000-sq.-ft. health club open year-round that offers recreational activities, fitness programs, intramural sports and instructional classes.
Rowan Radio 89.7 WGLS-FM
WGLS-FM has won over 250 awards, establishing itself as one of the premiere college radio stations in the nation. Volunteers staff the station 24 hours a day to broadcast a variety of programs.
Technology on Campus
Cutting edge technology connects students to learning opportunities both in and outside the classroom, helping them to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary to compete professionally.
Camden Campus
Located in the University District, the five story building of Rowan Camden campus, located at Broadway and Cooper, features 40 classrooms and serves over 800 students each year.
Student Government Association
SGA acts as a student voice for the campus community, serves as an outlet for student concerns and investigates solutions to various issues that affect the campus as a whole.
Student Diversity
Rowan takes great pride in building a community that values diversity. We sponsor programs and initiatives designed to make a Rowan education both attainable and personally rewarding.
Campus Life
Back to Home
Main Menu
Campus Life
Health & Safety
The Arts at Rowan
Entertainment & Culture
Athletic & Sports Receation
Housing & Dining
Student Involvement
Information Resources & Technology
Summer Music Camps